{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22780\viewh10300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Objects required for the computation of genetic interactions for the cell count:\
\
-aggregated_norm_cell_count.rds: this table contains the aggregated data by group, in which the cell count has been normalised. It was done similarly to the rest of the features. For each group in each screen, the r							raw numbers of cells was glog transformed with lambda 1 and Z-score transformed using the median number of cells of the group in the CTRL plates of the screen as a center\
							and the median absolute deviation (mad) of the same plates as a scale. \
\
-aggregated_norm_cells_good_queries.rds: it is similar to the previous table with the only difference that only queries which had no negative comments were included (the same screens as in the bulk analysis).\
\
-call_interactions_function.RData: Function used to compute genetic interactions. It applies a median polish and gives the query and target main effects as well as the pi score for every double kd condition. \
\
-interactions_stats_all_feats_df_18112019.rds: bulk GIs computed for all features in the dataset. This was carried out by Florian. \
\
-query_genes.rds: gene annotation for the query genes. \
\
updated_target_genes.rds: updated annotation of the target genes generated by Florian. }